# OSTemplateOsCredential

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Username** | **string** | The default username for the operating system | 
**PasswordType** | **string** | The default username password type.                     PLAIN means that the password is provided by the user in plain text.                     GENERATED means that the password is generated by the system.                     HASHED means that the password is provided by the user in hashed format.                     NONE means that the password is not needed | 
**Password** | Pointer to **string** | The default username password.                     Required if the password type is PLAIN or HASHED | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewOSTemplateOsCredential

`func NewOSTemplateOsCredential(username string, passwordType string, ) *OSTemplateOsCredential`

NewOSTemplateOsCredential instantiates a new OSTemplateOsCredential object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewOSTemplateOsCredentialWithDefaults

`func NewOSTemplateOsCredentialWithDefaults() *OSTemplateOsCredential`

NewOSTemplateOsCredentialWithDefaults instantiates a new OSTemplateOsCredential object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetUsername

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) GetUsername() string`

GetUsername returns the Username field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUsernameOk

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) GetUsernameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUsernameOk returns a tuple with the Username field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUsername

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) SetUsername(v string)`

SetUsername sets Username field to given value.


### GetPasswordType

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) GetPasswordType() string`

GetPasswordType returns the PasswordType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPasswordTypeOk

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) GetPasswordTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPasswordTypeOk returns a tuple with the PasswordType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPasswordType

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) SetPasswordType(v string)`

SetPasswordType sets PasswordType field to given value.


### GetPassword

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) GetPassword() string`

GetPassword returns the Password field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPasswordOk

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) GetPasswordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPasswordOk returns a tuple with the Password field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPassword

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) SetPassword(v string)`

SetPassword sets Password field to given value.

### HasPassword

`func (o *OSTemplateOsCredential) HasPassword() bool`

HasPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


